Refactor `create_new_session` logic when calling `Session.from_id()` (#2195)
Qiskit/qiskit-ibm-runtime: release-notes/unreleased/2195.bug.rst

> The Session and Batch global class variable ``_create_new_session`` has been removed. ``_create_new_session`` was 
> used to control whether or not the POST session API endpoint should be called when initializing a session. 
> For example, when ``Session.from_id()`` is called, we do not want to create a new session. 
> This caused issues when there were multiple sessions or batches open. 
> 
> A new parameter ``new_session``, which defaults to ``True``, has been added as a replacement. Initializing a session
> and using ``from_id()`` still work in the same way. 

Reviewer: We typically don't share details of internal variables in Qiskit and rather focus on the user-facing aspect of the change. In this case, that would be the new parameter and the fix in behavior for `Session.from_id()`. Something like:

```suggestion
A new parameter ``new_session`` has been added to the :class:`.Batch` and :class:`.Session` classes. This parameter allows to control whether the POST session API endpoint should be called when initializing the class. 

It defaults to ``True`` as this is the case for most user-facing workflows. However, methods such as :meth:`.Session.from_id` set it to ``False`` to avoid generating a new session when the original session is still active. This fixed issues where multiple sessions and batches were generated simultaneously when accessing them through ``.from_id()``.
```

We also typically link to the API reference in the release notes using Sphinx directives. I believe this should work in the current setup too.

Author: Thanks! I was having trouble with getting the wording right in this release note. Also, yes I agree, `new_session` is not the best name - maybe `create_new` or `open_new` is better.
